Docs update (#514)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/reference/component-stability.md

# Component stability

The agent consists of multiple components and features designed for flexibility and adaptability to a variety of use cases. While most of these features are stable, the continued evolution of the agent requires the introduction of new, experimental features. These features may not yet be production-ready but are made available for testing and feedback, helping to ensure their reliability and robustness once they reach stable status.

This page outlines the different stability levels assigned to the agent’s features and explains what each level represents.

## Quick summary

| Status level         | Description                                               |
|----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| No explicit "Status" | Equivalent to Stable                                      |

> | Experimental         | Breaking changes and even removal of features are allowed |

Author: ```suggestion
| Technical Preview         | Breaking changes and even removal of features are allowed |
```

| Stable               | Breaking changes are not allowed                          |

## Statuses

### Experimental

Features and components classified as experimental are explicitly labeled with a _Status: experimental_ line beneath their title in this documentation. Additionally, standalone components at this level include an `-alpha` suffix in their version identifiers.

> At this stability level, breaking changes may occur in any release. In some cases, development of an experimental feature may be discontinued, and the feature may be removed in a minor version update. For these reasons, experimental features are not recommended for use in production environments.

Author: ```suggestion
At this stability level, breaking changes may occur in any release. In some cases, development of a technical preview feature may be discontinued, and the feature may be removed in a minor version update. For these reasons, technical preview features are not recommended for use in production environments.
```
